list-corps             listCorpsCmd
get-corp               getCorpCmd
update-corp            updateCorpCmd
list-corp-users        listCorpUsersCmd
get-corp-user          getCorpUserCmd
delete-corp-user       deleteCorpUserCmd
invite-user            inviteUserCmd
get-overview-report    getOverviewReportCmd
list-corp-activity     listCorpActivityCmd
list-sites             listSitesCmd
get-site               getSiteCmd
update-site            updateSiteCmd
list-custom-alerts     listCustomAlertsCmd
create-custom-alert    createCustomAlertCmd
get-custom-alert       getCustomAlertCmd
update-custom-alert    updateCustomAlertCmd
delete-custom-alert    deleteCustomAlertCmd
list-events            listEventsCmd
get-event              getEventCmd
expire-event           expireEventCmd
search-requests        searchRequestsCmd
get-request            getRequestCmd
get-request-feed       getRequestFeedCmd
list-whitelist-ips     listWhitelistIPsCmd
add-whitelist-ip       addWhitelistIPCmd
delete-whitelist-ip    deleteWhitelistIPCmd
list-blacklist-ips     listBlacklistIPsCmd
add-blacklist-ip       addBlacklistIPCmd
delete-blacklist-ip    deleteBlacklistIPCmd
list-redactions        listRedactionsCmd
add-redaction          addRedactionCmd
update-redaction       updateRedactionCmd
get-redaction          getRedactionCmd
delete-redaction       deleteRedactionCmd
list-integrations      listIntegrationsCmd
add-integration        addIntegrationCmd
get-integration        getIntegrationCmd
update-integration     updateIntegrationCmd
delete-integration     deleteIntegrationCmd
list-params            listParamsCmd
list-paths             listPathsCmd
list-site-activity     listSiteActivityCmd
list-header-links      listHeaderLinksCmd
add-header-link        addHeaderLinkCmd
get-header-link        getHeaderLinkCmd
delete-header-link     deleteHeaderLinkCmd
list-site-members      listSiteMembersCmd
add-site-members       addSiteMembersCmd
get-site-member        getSiteMemberCmd
add-site-member        addSiteMemberCmd
delete-site-member     deleteSiteMemberCmd
invite-site-member     inviteSiteMemberCmd
get-site-monitor       getSiteMonitorCmd
generate-site-monitor  generateSiteMonitorCmd
enable-site-monitor    enableSiteMonitorCmd
disable-site-monitor   disableSiteMonitorCmd
list-agents            listAgentsCmd
get-agent              getAgentCmd
get-agent-logs         getAgentLogsCmd
list-suspicious-ips    listSuspiciousIPsCmd
list-top-attacks       listTopAttacksCmd
get-timeseries         getTimeseriesCmd
